{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Illiterati Books & Coffee opened on April 1st 2012 in Dharmshala. We love our beautiful view of the Dhauladhar mountains and enjoy sitting beside out wood-fire stove during monsoon rains or wintertime. We used to sell books but we don\'92t anymore. Luckily, our entire collection is available for everyone to browse through and read in the cafe. \
\
\
Our book selection features works on Shaivism, Hindusim, Shakta, Zen, Tibetan Bhuddhism, Tantra, as well as Western philosophy, history, economics, development, conflict, natural health, Islam, Christianity, magic and esotericism. We also have Western and Eastern classics published by Vintage, Oxford, and Pinguin Classics. To continue your travels, consult our Lonely Planets, Rough Guides, and other travel guidebooks. We stock many large-format art and photography books, specifically about India. We also have a contemporary art and photography books documenting live all over India such as pilgrimage, landscapes, rituals, festivals, animals, cityscapes etc.\
\
We also have and assortment of musical instruments such as guitar, flute and keyboard piano, for the musically inclined to use while they are here. \
\
Our dishes are prepared fresh from scratch using seasonal ingredients and may not be available all the time. Our kitchen is a small unit so naturally catering to groups bigger than 6 people can be complicated. Best to call us before you visit us.. \
\
Illiterati books & coffee\
Jogibara Village, \
McLeod Ganj, Dharamshala, \
Himachal Pradesh. \
India - 176219\
\
e: cafeilliterati@gmail.com	\
\
Opening Hours\
Monday -  Sunday\
10:00 - 21:30\
\
We do not take reservations. \
\
\
  <div class="row">\
      <div class="row">\
    <div class="col-xs-6">\
    <p>Illiterati books & coffee</p>\
          <p>Jogibara Village,</p>\
         <p>McLeod Ganj, Dharamshala,</p>\
        <p>Himachal Pradesh,</p>\
          <p>India - 176219. </p>\
          <br>\
          <!-- shouldnt't be using br but what else  -->\
               <p>e: cafeilliterati@gmail.com</p>\
               <br>\
               <p>Opening Hours</p>\
               <p>Monday -  Sunday</p>\
               <p>10:00 - 21:30</p>\
               <br>\
               <p>We do not take reservations.</p>\
             </div>\
     <div class="col-xs-6">.col-xs-6</div>\
  </div>\
}